User Story 1: As a User, I need the ability to create an account, so that I can login.

    1. Create account with unique username.
    2. Wait for account to be approved by facilitator.
    3. Facilitator signs in Users -> Edit Status and sets status to 1[Active] and has to Edit Role to match the Role Requested.


User Story 2: As a User, I need the ability to access my profile, so that I can update it.

    1. User signs in with Username and Password and depending on the role assigned to them by the facilitator, 
       they see their respective user portal. 
    2. User can click on Profile and update their profile details


User Story 3: As a Sponsor, I need to specify the documents that I need, so that the students can supply them.

    1. Signed in as a sponsor, navigate to Documents -> Create New Document.
    2. Give the document a title and a description on where to find it; example: URL to the document.


User Story 4: As a Sponsor, I need the ability to access the documents submitted by a student, so I can approve them.

    1. Signed in as a sponsor, navigate to Students -> View Documents
    2. Depending on the student and the document, clicking on View will open up the submission for that document if the student 
       has uploaded a file.


User Story 5: As a Facilitator, I need to assign a Sponsor to a Student.

    1. Signed in as a facilitator, navigate to Students -> Edit
    2. On the Edit Your Student Profile page, select a sponsor from the dropdown and then click Submit.


User Story 6: As a Student, I need to submit the required documents, so the Sponsor can see them.

    1. Signed in as a student, navigate to Sponsor Documents -> Upload.
    2. Select a file from a local drive and click Submit to upload a file.


User Story 7.1: As an Employer, I need the ability to create a job, so the Facilitator can see it.

    1. Signed in as an employer, navigate to Jobs -> Create New Job
    2. Fill out the job description and upload any necessary documents. 


User Story 7.2: As a Facilitator, I need the ability to assign a job, so the student can see it.

    1. 1. Signed in as a facilitator, navigate to Students -> Edit
    2. On the Edit Your Student Profile page, select a job from the dropdown and then click Submit.


User Story 8: As a Student, I need to see the job assigned to me, so that I can submit the required documents.

    1. 


User Story 9: As an Employer, I need the ability to access the documents submitted, so I can review them.